{::options auto_ids="false" /}

Dear ,

Thank you for your DidItBetter.com Software order. Your payment has been
processed.

**Billing address:**

**End user address:**

* * *

##### Order Summary

* * *

* * *

Please note \"**Advantage Intl Computers**\" will appear on your credit
card statement for this order.

**If you placed a software licensing order:**

[Download software or check for updates][1]: To access our Downloads
area at www.diditbetter.com and click on Downloads, and log in.

Submit your registration request from the program for processing to get
your activation license key \-- please refer to the installation guide
for instructions. Once the software or the update is installed, please
submit your registration request. License keys are issued Monday through
Friday 10 am to 4 pm EST within 1 to 2 business days from the time we
receive your completed registration request. Incomplete or incorrect
registration requests will delay the processing of your request. Please
note your software license is a perpetual license for the version you
initially purchased and is licensed to the license address you specify
in your registration request. If you are a reseller purchasing on behalf
of an end user, please make sure to include the end user\'s company
name, contact name of the individual authorizing the purchase at the end
user company, end user\'s phone and end user\'s email address.

**If you placed a remote support order**, please [prepare for your
remote session][2] prior to your scheduled session then call our office
at your scheduled appointment time.

##### Terms and Conditions

All sales are final. We offer no refunds and no returns once the
solution license(s), software assurance subscription/renewals, add ons,
service agerements, and/or support is purchased. No cancellations. The
reason for this policy is you have the opportunity to fully evaluate the
solution in advance to determine it to be suitable for your needs and
receive support on the solution via email before purchasing. Please note
that by placing your order and purchasing anything on our online store
and/or receiving your license registration key via email, you have
chosen to accept our \'No Return\' policy and it is not possible to return
the software for a refund.

For assistance with your web order, please call us at (800) 837 8636.
For customers outside the USA, please call +1 813 977 5739.

With Regards,

**DidItBetter.com Software Online Store**  
A division of Advantage International Inc.

##### Full Product Descriptions

For your records, the following are the complete product descriptions
for your items:

[1]: http://www.diditbetter.com/store.aspx
[2]: http://support.diditbetter.com/remote-support.aspx

